MEETING REPORT
Team Name:            DevsCreed          Date of Meeting:        27.03.2021
Start Time: 20:15   End Time: 22:00    Meeting Location:     Google Meet
Moderator:            Armela Ligori           Recorder:            Devid Duma
Other Members Present:    Armela Ligori, Denado Rabeli, Denisa Bicaku, Devid Duma,     Julian Lila, Aniledio Lami
Members Absent:     none

Topics Discussed:
We started off by brainstorming ideas for the topic of our project application. Some of the ideas were the following: a quiz application, a shopping application, a ticket reservation application and a book exchange system. 
We also discussed which was the best software stack to use for each topic idea. In the beginning, we were torn between web development and desktop application development. We discussed the ups and downs of both worlds and most of us started leaning towards web development. 
There was also a discussion about the roles that each one of us would have within the group.
Established online communication methods
Decisions Made:
The first decision we made was to shortlist two final ideas for the project topic: we will either choose a hospital management system or an online bookstore and book exchange system for students. The reason for this decision was that these two ideas seemed to be the most useful, meaning that it would satisfy a great number of potential clients in the future.
Next we decided to go with web development for the bookstore idea and desktop development for the hospital management system. The reason we went with web development for the bookstore was that web development software stacks would provide us with tools for both faster prototyping and smoother scalability for this project idea. The reason that we went with desktop development for the hospital management system was that usually management systems are built as desktop applications.
After discussing the role placement we decided that initially each member of the team would have the role of developer and the other individual roles held by each team member will be:
Armela Ligori - Captain, Analyst
Denado Rabeli - Editor/Project Manager, Repo Master, Optimist
Denisa Bicaku - Researcher, Optimist
Devid Duma - Editor, Analyst
Julian Lila - Client Representative, Tester
Aniledio Lami - Tester, Client Representative
Tasks Assigned: 
Armela would organize the work, check the team’s execution of tasks, the quality of their work and the time it took them to solve this task in order to better re distribute the tasks in the future.
Denisa and Aniledio, as Researcher and Tester respectively, had the duty to research the possible frameworks that we would use during development. Their pros, cons and best ways in which to utilize them. 
Julian would come in contact with some clients in order to build a general idea of what features our software could possibly include.
Denado and Devid had the duty of writing the meeting report and helping out Armela in carrying her duties. 
Time, Place, and Agenda for Next Meeting: 
Time: 20:00
Place: Google Meet
Date: Would be decided in the Whatsapp group alongside the agenda of the next meeting. 
Mostly a briefing of the current progress.
 Some Guidelines that we decided : 
The mission of this team is the design and creation of a fully functioning software.
Main Objectives: 
Designing a functional and well made software.
Use of new technologies with which we have not previously worked.
Communicating with the other team members and sharing experiences.
Creation of a Whatsapp group to communicate with each other.
In the case of conflict the rest of the team members will help with the resolving of the problem
 
MEETING REPORT
Team Name:            DevsCreed          Date of Meeting:        03.04.2021
Start Time: 20:00   End Time: 21:30    Meeting Location:     Google Meet
Moderator:            Armela Ligori           Recorder:            Devid Duma
Other Members Present:    Armela Ligori, Denado Rabeli, Denisa Bicaku, Devid Duma,     Julian Lila, Aniledio Lami
Members Absent:     none

Topics Discussed:
This week we discussed which steps we should take next for our project. The main topics that we discussed were the following:
We discussed how we should write our personal logs in the repository.
We did some thorough research on which software stack we should use for our project.
We planned some meetings with potential clients for the project
Decisions Made:
The first decision we made was to do an Eye Clinic Management System as our project. Such solutions are sparse in Albania’s market and we believe that our project could be adopted by eye clinics in the future.
We decided to go with PHP/Laravel for the backend and HTML, CSS, jQuery, Javascript, Bootstrap for the frontend.
The reason we decided to go with PHP/Laravel was mainly because PHP is still a standard in today’s web development, it is used by many companies. Laravel was the natural choice for the framework because it would allow us to build a microservice architecture for the backend in a fast, secure and scalable way.
We avoided frameworks like Java Enterprise, .NET or PHP/Symphony because they are meant for very complex enterprise solutions which go far beyond the scope of our project.
Tasks Assigned: 
Each one of us was assigned the task of learning through different resources online about the Laravel framework until our next meeting.
We assigned the task of meeting and asking some eye clinics about potential features that our management system will have that would be useful to the eye clinics. This would include features related to the day to day work of assistants or secretaries but also about their clients usual wishes. The clinic’s client wishes are important to consider since they would allow eye clinics to better serve their clients, which in turn could maximise their revenues.
Time, Place, and Agenda for Next Meeting: 
19:30 10.04.2021, Google Meet, Step 4 and 5

